New input jboss plugin (#8926)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/jboss/README.md

# JBoss plugin

The JBoss plugin can collect data from JBoss management API.

> Plugin currently support JBoss Application server in domain modes:-

Reviewer: You might want to be a bit more verbose in the README... At least:
```suggestion
Currently, the plugin supports JBoss Application servers in the following domain modes:
```
